feat: Add Python list_view implementation (#359)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/DESIGN.md

)
```

###### ui.list_action_group
A group of action buttons that can be used to create a list of actions.
This component should be used within the actions prop of a `ListView` component.

```py
def list_action_group(
        *children: ActionGroupItem,
        on_action: Callable[[ActionKey, Key], None] | None = None,
        on_selection_change: Callable[[Selection, Key], None] | None = None,
        **props: Any
) -> ListActionGroupElement:
```

###### Parameters
| Parameter               | Type                                                       | Description                                                                                                                                        |
|-------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `*children`             | `ActionGroupItem`                                          | The options to render within the picker.                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `*children`             | `ActionGroupItem`                                          | The actions to render within the action group.                                                                                                           |
```

| `description_column`    | `ColumnName \| None`                                       | Only valid if children are of type `Table`. The column of values to display as descriptions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `icon_column`           | `ColumnName \| None`                                       | Only valid if children are of type `Table`. The column of values to map to icons.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `actions`               | `ListActionGroupElement \| ListActionMenuElement \| None`  | Only valid if children are of type Table. The action group or menus to render for all elements within the list view.  |

Reviewer: Created a ticket for the discussion about an `item_table_source` API: https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-plugins/issues/399

I think `actions` would make sense in there as well. Would simplify these top level APIs IMO, but we can continue that discussion there without blocking this.

| `on_selection_change`   | `Callable[[Selection], None] \| None`                      | Handler that is called when the selections changes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `on_change`             | `Callable[[Selection], None] \| None`                      | Alias of `on_selection_change`. Handler that is called when the selections changes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | `**props`               | `Any`                                                      | Any other [ListView](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-spectrum/ListView.html) prop, with the exception of `items`, `dragAndDropHooks`, and `onLoadMore`.                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer 2: Should we call out `input_value`, `default_input_value`, and `on_input_change` for controlled scenarios of the search input?

Author: Could you elaborate? I don't see those in https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-spectrum/ListView.html

Reviewer 2: Oops, that should have been on the Combobox spec. Doesn't apply here

# Buttons can be embedded in the list view. Note key is added to the on_press handler, but is not required.
on_button_action = lambda action_key, key: print(f"Action {action_key} was pressed for list item {key}")
button = ui.list_action_group("Print Item", on_action=on_button_action)

list_view7 = ui.list_view(
    "Option 1",
    "Option 2",
    "Option 3",
    "Option 4",

>     actions=button,

Reviewer 2: It looks like actions are defined in Spectrum at the `Item` template level instead of at the ListView level. I think this will be fine since presumably, we want the same actions for each item. Just wanted to call it out in case there are any implications.

Reviewer 2: nvm, I see this is already called out in the props matrix
